having people this is thomas i hope that
you alright guys for me is
really great
so today we find ourselves for a
new video tutorial on minecraft
to install maps via your pc
to your ps3 so today I you
showed with new york and a mini map
gta5 so for that you will have to
download the winrar files that get
will find in the description
then you will have to open them and
extract the records ps3 and ps3 had on
your office you will then put
a usb key in the pc in the usb key
you will create a folder that
is called ps3 so you write it
exactly like me in the video
inside this ps3 folder you
create a new folder that will be called
save data so I would put you well the
tutorial written in the description for not
you were wrong
and then once in this folder cf
data you go simple it's all
just dragged the file npe b and c
is full of numbers in this folder
this date has so you do it with
the two folders you have
previously extracted on your desktop
so with both ps3 folders hooted ps3
anyway so you extract well the
file starting with ntv
and once both will be put in
the yves saint file you will not have
more than go on the ps3 so
you can do this tutorial with anyone
which maps downloaded on the internet I
you would put a site together
several maaf so once on the ps3
you put the usb key into the port
right from the ps3 you go in
utilities saved data
usb devices and then you will have
the two minecraft maps you make
triangle copy for both maps you
accept etc
if ever there to messages and the
following once both will be
copied you will just have to launch
minecraft us afterwards you
wait for small loads and
cetera you accept the different
messages you play and then that's it
will charge a little bit long the
time that it will load the maps
once the mavs are loaded
you will see them as if they are
your maps
so then you will not be left
than to click on them to load them the
only drawback is that it is not
you who would have created
map this is going to put you a message like
what the trophies will be disabled
but well everyone is not playing at
minecraft to get trophies
we can also play for fun so
there you can have fun on
great maps like new york
as you will see in the sequel
of video with all the big
buildings etc
the skyscrapers really a very map
well done I'll put both maps
that I showed you in the video I
you will put them in the description
as well as a site gathering really
many maps maps for the pvp
etc.
so here I hope that this tutorial you
will be pleased I thank the slide each
case simulates claude and I say too much
for next videos do not hesitate
to drop a gem and a comment
by people